we're gonna debate father
all right the base box so today's the
big day
installing the 18 inch at fire audio
team at by some BC speakers banks ready
and secure and going nowhere
put some cross beams top and bottom so
these batteries ain't going nowhere sir
so this is the update we just finished
doing the the frame for the doors for
the speakers it's kind of hard to see
what's going on here but pretty much
straightforward the we created a frame
every monster speaker on the door itself
so the this and the door is just one and
here's the door panel the door panels
just have a big hole the hole and here
is pretty much we're gonna put the a
beauty board something nice so will be
separate or so in order to reach the
speaker we need to take out the door
pounds so that's the concept we like
using so all the weight it's on the door
frame not on the door panel so yes it
does that and this is how it looks raw
straight raw so nuts and bolts you know
look at the toner in here I hope you
didn't forget about the toner and know
it was inside the door panel anyways uh
so here's the speakers this is the frame
this is with the door panel we have to
build this up to this point and cover it
so it's coming along word oh yeah
now we do one of the wirings it's crazy
but whoo oh these speaker wires the
eight gauges for the base those white
wires for the voice and all the apps
right here we've got 2 more 2 amps
remaining but so far we got three in
their wiring batteries in there instead
of wiring as well you got the grounds in
there now we're going to run the
positive into the vamps yes sir
oh yeah